refactor: detach remote `pydantic.BaseModel` schemas (#3784)
recognai/rubrix: src/argilla/client/feedback/integrations/huggingface/card/argilla_template.md

### Supported Tasks and Leaderboards

> This dataset can contain [multiple fields, questions and responses](https://docs.argilla.io/en/v1.16.0/conceptual_guides/data_model.html#feedback-dataset) so it can be used for different NLP tasks, depending on the configuration. The dataset structure is described in the [Dataset Structure section](#dataset-structure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dataset can contain [multiple fields, questions and responses](https://docs.argilla.io/en/latest/conceptual_guides/data_model.html#feedback-dataset) so it can be used for different NLP tasks, depending on the configuration. The dataset structure is described in the [Dataset Structure section](#dataset-structure).
```
